Good night,
sweet pea.
Good night, honey.
- Mitchell, there’s
a stranger in our hot tub.
- Who is it?
You do know what "stranger"
means, don’t you?
Oh, my G– Oh, my God!
How long has he been there?
I saw him exactly
one second before you.
You know everything I know.
Okay, I’m calling 911.
I’m getting my bat.
Maybe we’re
overreacting.
He could have
a very good reason.
We should at least say hello.
It’s only polite.
Okay.
♪ Hey, hey ♪
♪ Hey ♪♪
So I looked that coyote
dead in the eye,
and I let him know,
without saying a word,
"I will not harm you,
but I’m the alpha here."
And he just
stared back at me,
mesmerized.
- Whoa.
- Yeah.
Amazing.
Turns out Barry just moved into
the apartment
upstairs...
and thought the hot tub was
for the whole
building.
Anyway,
he’s a super
cool guy,
and he’s straight, so there’s
no weirdness.
Aside from you turning
into a 16-year-old girl.
I did not.
[ Giggling ]
Yeah.
Cameron,
give me your arm.
Okay.
What you doing?
Oh, I’m studying
to be a Reiki master.
What I’m doing
is I’m transferring my
positive energy into Cameron...
and I’m taking out
all the negative energy.
Okay.
Do you feel that?
I do.
Does it feel warm?
It does.
It feels warm, Mitchell.
Imagine that,
in a hot tub.
What are you gonna do
when he drives by?
I’m gonna tell him
to slow down.
I think you should
drag him out of his car,
and we all get turns punching
him in the stomach
until he barfs.
Honey, I think I’m just gonna
turn over his license plate
to the police.
[ Scoffs ]
Please.
Order a pizza and call the cops.
We’ll see who gets here first.
Ever since they put
those speed bumps on Oakmont,
some lunatic driver
in a crazy sports car...
has been racing down our street,
and it is dangerous.
We’ve got kids here
and babies in strollers...
and moms who like to jog.
She has to run every day
or she goes crazy.
She’s like a border collie.
You’re comparing me
to a dog?
The smartest dogs
in the world.
What are you guys doing?
What the cops won’t.
We are catching that speeder.
And when we do, he’s gonna
get an earful of this.
Slow down, jerk!
Okay. Easy.
Oh, my God.
Mom, what are you doing?
Why are you
being such a freak?
I am being a freak for safety.
And I’m doing this for you,
because I don’t want
anything bad to happen to you.
Well, it’s embarrassing.
Mom, you need a life.
Why can’t you just
volunteer at the museum
or bring pudding to old people?
Honey, if anybody’s being
embarrassing right
now, it’s you.
[ Deep Voice ]
Luke, I am your father.
[ Laughs ]
That takes me back
to the delivery room.
That’s what I said to you
when you were coming
out of your mom’s lady parts.
Oh, my God, Dad!
Oh, my God.
I know those girls.
[ Cell Phone Ringing ]
What, are you
ashamed of us?
Yes!
[ Phil ]
Sweet Valley High!
This is that woman from
the house on Seventh Street.
Ooh, good.
If I sell it by
the end of next month,
I dethrone Gil Thorpe
as salesman of the quarter.
That’s awesome, Dad.
It is awesome.
[ Beeps ]
[ Engine Revving ]
Phil Dunphy. Yeah.
That’s it.
That’s the speeder.
Slow down, jerk!
Slow down!
- Yeah, that’s great.
Okay, fire away.
- 2-U-R-N-8-0–
Yeah. What’s the address?
2-U-R-N-8-0-1.
Yeah. Okay, 1-0–
A pen.
I gave it to Dad.
Okay, 101 North–
2-U-R– Oh, God.
Seventh Street.
Okay. 10-4.
This is gonna be
my best year
since 2006.
Let’s go, kid.
Back to the salt mine.
- That’s okay, Jay.
I’m biking to school today.
- Good for you.
There’s a bunch of cool kids
who ride their bikes every day.
Thought I’d join them.
Hey, wait, wait,
wait, wait, wait.
What the hell is that?
My new bike.
Mom got it for me yesterday.
Pretty sweet, huh?
It’s got training wheels.
Nice ones. Custom-made.
They don’t usually come
on bikes this size.
Gloria!
What’s wrong?
You don’t know
how to ride a bike?
- I know how to ride this bike.
- Stephen Hawking
could ride that bike.
Ay. What happened?
Did he fall?
How could he fall?
You can’t send him to school
on a bike with training wheels.
They’ll make fun of him.
Didn’t you teach him
how to ride a bike?
How could I?
I don’t know
how to ride a bike.
Two-thirds
of my house can’t do
what a billion Chinese do.
My mother thought that riding
a bike was dangerous.
She would say,
"That’s how people grab you."
Okay. This is how
it’s going down.
Today I’m driving you to school.
On the weekend,
I’m buying you a bike
and I’m teaching both of you.
I’m nervous,
but I’m excited.
You two have fun. I pass.
It makes no sense.
There’s no reason
that thing should stay upright.
you should stay upright,
but it just works.
[ Clicks Tongue, Scoffs ]
[ Knocking ]
Hey, Phil. Come on in.
Laura, good day.
Boy, I couldn’t love
this entry any more.
It’s very welcoming.
Yeah, I got a thing
in 10 minutes,
so I have to make this quick.
Great. Let me run through
my three-pronged approach
to selling this place.
I only need one prong:
sell the house.
I don’t want to be that yutz
who prices her house too high
so it sits around for a year...
while every looky-loo
without something to do
on Sundays...
is going through
my underwear drawer.
- What’s a number?
- There are quite
a few factors to take into–
Need a number.
We list at 1.4.
We take anything north of 1.25.
- Done!
- Great.
[ Laughs ]
- I got all the paperwork
right here.
- Whoa, whoa, whoa.
You gotta buy me a beer
before you could put your hand
up my sweater.
Oh, I had no intention–
Put on a great open house
this weekend,
the listing’s yours.
[ Door Opens ]
Bring it, Laura.
You wanna test me?
I’ve been tested my whole life.
They could never find anything.
So, uh, Sunday, 12:00 to 4:00
for the open house?
That works for you?
Great.
Great. And if you have
any questions or you
need anything, just call.
When you work with me,
you’re working with a friend.
That is so sweet.
I like you. God, I hope
I don’t have to fire you.
Hi. This is Claire.
Leave a message.
[ Beeps ]
Hey, honey, it’s me.
I just finished the meeting,
and she is the perfect client.
[ Engine Revving ]
Realistic about the price.
She wants to sell fast.
She’s a real character.
You gotta meet her.
[ Tires Squealing ]
But she’s moving soon,
so what’s the point?
[ Exhales ]
Hey!
Wow. You worked late.
Yes. Brutal day.
I just wanna sit.
Perfect. Lily’s asleep.
Barry’s meeting us
in the hot tub.
If you’re feeling stressed,
he can give you a treatment.
Ah, that’s all right.
I have an appointment
with Dr. Bigfoot tomorrow.
Okay, here comes the judge.
[ Sighs ] Reiki is
a bunch of nonsense, Cam.
That guy’s a nut.
You do this every time.
We meet a new friend.
They say one thing
you don’t like
and you just write ’em off.
- I do not.
- Oh, really?
What about "But yet" Rachel?
[ Imitating ]
"I’d love to go, but yet
I don’t feel like parking."
[ Normal Voice ]
It’s either "but" or "yet,"
not both.
You’re lucky no one’s kicked
your butt yet.
What about Thomas?
You wrote him off
because he serves a salad
after the meal,
which, by the way,
is very common in Europe.
What part of Europe
is he from?
Pretentioustan?
Okay, fine. Keep judging.
Don’t let anyone in.
- I could care less.
- I think you mean
you couldn’t care less,
because if you could care less,
it means you care a little bit.
I’m going to the hot tub. If
I stay here one more minute, my
head is literally gonna explode.
I hope not,
because if you mean literally–
I don’t feel safe
in my own home!
- [ Claire ]
Phil, honey, I need your help.
- With what?
What is the one thing
a speeder can’t outrun?
Ooh. Bullets. A laser.
Oh, I know. A falcon.
Dad, jump in.
Not a good time.
A laser-falcon.
That’s awesome.
Shame.
[ Haley ]
"Slow down
your neighbors"?
No. "Slow down,"
talking to the speeder.
Who’s talking to the speeder?
"Your neighbors."
It doesn’t say that.
Yeah, it just says,
"Slow down your neighbors."
- Phil.
- I know what you
were going for,
but now all I can see
is "Slow down your neighbors."
Well, you’re all wrong,
’cause this is incredibly clear.
And it’s really important.
We need to put these signs up
all over the neighborhood.
I don’t know.
It seems kind of cowardly.
Mm-mmm.
Why don’t you just make
an anonymous call to the police?
I called the police,
and they were
totally unhelpful.
Surprise, surprise.
Phil, come on.
You with me or not?
Of course I’m with you.
Who else would I be with?
This guy? I have
no connection to this guy.
Good.
No!
Fine.
Before you judge me,
I have come in second
to Gil Thorpe...
for salesman of the quarter
seven quarters in a row.
Seven.
Nobody remembers second best.
Oh, yeah, everybody
loves Michael Jordan, but nobody
thinks of Scottie Pippen.
The only reason I remember him
is because he’s named after
my favorite musical.
[ Whistles ]
Oh. Hey, Mitch.
Hey, it’s Barry.
I just wanna
let you guys know...
you got a sprinkler head
that’s leaking out there.
Thanks, Barry.
I’ll let the gardener know.
All right. Or maybe I can
just wave my hands over it...
and heal it that way.
I’m joking.
Oh.
[ Laughing ]
- Oh, God! That was a good one.
- Look, don’t worry about it.
As soon as I started talking
about Reiki,
I could tell you thought
I might be a little nutty.
Ah. Was I that obvious?
- You roll your eyes a lot.
- [ Laughs ]
[ Laughs ]
I know. It’s true.
It’s true though.
I once saw
a picture of myself
at a friend’s poetry slam,
and all you could see
were the whites of my eyes.
Yeah, I looked
like Little Orphan Annie.
The cartoon.
I’m sorry
if I offended you.
No, don’t apologize.
Look, I–
Only thing that offends me
is a man who doesn’t live
in his own truth.
And I appreciate
how hard you’re trying
not to roll your eyes right now.
’Cause I’m about
to pass out.
I see it.
[ Manny ]
Okay, I’m ready!
[ Grunts ]
What the hell
is he wearing?
Protection pads.
He needs more?
We’re riding bikes.
We’re not training
police dogs.
All right, kid, come on.
Get on.
On board.
That-a-boy.
All right, we ready?
Ride.
Be careful, papi.
Ignore her.
I’ve seen the kid fall down
on that moving sidewalk
at the airport,
so I didn’t have high hopes.
- Whoa.
- [ Laughs ]
But what do you know,
the kid was a natural.
Mom, it’s so easy.
Bravo, Manny!
I told you.
Be careful
with the bump.
Hey, wait a minute.
Who’s that guy?
Jay, he’s gonna
grab him!
Ah, no one’s
grabbing anyone.
It’s a neighbor.
Gloria, on the other hand,
was a natural disaster.
There are three things
you wanna do
before you ride. Manny.
Check your shoelaces,
adjust your mirror
and test your bell.
Okay, shoelaces tied.
The mirror is good.
[ Bell Ringing ]
The bell is ringing.
Okay, now what?
Ride.
Ay, no, no, no, Jay.
Don’t push me.
I don’t want to get hurt.
Trust me, I’m not
gonna hurt you.
You’re a work of art.
If you get scratched,
the value goes down.
I’m making a joke
to lighten the mood.
It’s not working.
Let’s just do this.
Okay.
Slowly.
Jay, slowly.
Relax.
You’re not gonna fall.
I got ya.
Put your feet
on the pedals.
Now look where you’re going.
Look where you’re going.
No, I’m falling.
Look straight ahead.
Go, go, go. Pedal!
No, Jay!
[ Bell Ringing ]
What are you ringing
the bell for?
¡Ay!
Why you let me go, Jay?
No, no! Pedal!
No, look where you’re going!
Look where you’re going!
I’m gonna kill you, Jay!
Okay. Good day’s work.
What do you say
we hit the jewelry store?
[ Hammering ]
Phil?
Laura.
What are you doing?
Taking this... sign down.
I recognized
your license plate.
This is ridiculous.
I know. They’re all
over the neighborhood.
What kind of lunatic
does something like this?
Who knows?
It’s probably
some bored housewife...
who hates her husband
and hates her life,
so she takes it out
on the rest of us!
Or things are so good at home,
she’s out looking for problems.
Trust me.
This woman
needs to get laid.
I don’t think
that’s the issue.
Here. Stick this up.
Send her a message from me.
Okay.
[ Car Approaches ]
[ Honking ]
Hey!
- Oh, my gosh.
What happened to my sign?
- I don’t know.
I put it up. I went away.
I came back.
It was in pieces.
- This is so crazy.
- Crazy!
Claire, this
whole thing is crazy.
Maybe we should back off
a little bit.
You know what, Phil? No.
I am not gonna back off.
Okay? I am doing this
for the safety
of our neighborhood.
[ Tires Squealing ]
[ Moaning ]
[ Door Opens ]
Oh! Well, what’s
going on here?
Hey, Cam.
Just getting rid
of some negative energy.
Oh. Well, in that case,
we’ll be back Tuesday.
[ Exhales ]
You’re all set, Mitch.
Oh, Barry.
Hmm.
Oh, man, that was–
that was great.
Yeah?
Namaste, man.
Namaste.
[ Barry ]
All right. I’m gonna
get out of your hair.
I’m gonna grab a quick tub
and see if I can
rustle up some food.
Oh, no. Hey, don’t rustle.
We’re making dinner tonight.
You’re coming.
Yeah, come down.
Yeah?
Yes. Yes.
Thank you, Mitch.
See? It’s working already.
Oh!
Namaste.
[ Mock Gasp ]
What?
You know
what I’m looking for.
He’s a very nice guy.
That’s not it.
- I’m sorry
I made a snap judgment.
- Still not it.
- You were right.
- There she is.
[ Woman ]
Hello, Mitchell.
Oh, Mrs. Ko.
I’m Cameron.
Mitchell’s the other one.
- What are you doing here?
- I just finish showing
the apartment upstairs.
What do you mean?
What about Barry?
Who’s Barry?
The new tenant.
Nobody living up there.
It’s empty.
[ Car Honks ]
But–
You see anybody up there,
you call me.
[ Honking ]
Oh! My husband.
I’m coming!
You two so lucky
they don’t let you get married.
[ Barry Sneezes ]
The problem wasn’t me.
It was Jay.
He’s a very bad teacher.
Very bossy.
I don’t respond to that.
I need somebody gentle,
nurturing– like a woman.
[ Doorbell Rings ]
Hey, Gloria.
What’s up?
Can you teach me
how to ride a bike?
You can’t ride a bike?
I love that about you.
I was beginning to think
you didn’t have any flaws.
Listen, I wish I could,
but I’m late
for an open house.
Oh.
Yeah.
[ Car Door Closes ]
I could teach you.
Really?
Sure.
I’m a great bike rider.
I’ve taught a bunch
of my friends.
I never taught anyone anything.
But my playdate canceled,
so I was wide open.
Barry?
Yep.
Oh. Hey, Cameron.
What are you doing
in there?
I’m just tidying up
a little bit.
What’s up?
Are you living
in our daughter’s
princess castle?
What? No.
Don’t be ridiculous.
I’m living in here, man.
I’m sleeping in there.
You said you had just
moved in upstairs.
No, I said I just moved in.
I’m– I’m sorry.
I thought it was implied–
That you’re living
in a dollhouse?
Let’s not do this outside,
all right?
[ Sighs ]
You wanna go inside
and talk about this
like two adults?
Yes, let’s do that.
Great.
No. No.
It’s okay.
I just cleaned up.
[ Groans ]
Come on in.
Oh, my God.
You are living in here!
Shh, shh, shh, shh.
Inside voices.
All right.
Barry.
Uh-huh?
Are you homeless?
[ Laughs ]
Homeless?
Are you insane?
Look at this place.
I mean–
Okay, I can’t even believe
I’m having to say this,
but you can’t–
you can’t stay here.
Oh, boy.
This is about the bodywork
I did with Mitchell, isn’t it?
I would understand
if that was–
No.
You are living
in a little girl’s toy,
and you have to move out.
Well, this is gonna
make dinner really awkward.
There’s no dinner.
Dinner is off, okay?
Now come on. Let’s go.
No, no. Don’t-Don’t touch me.
I don’t like to be touched.
You’re
a massage therapist.
I’m a Reiki master.
Very little touching.
Okay.
Barry, listen to me.
You’re a very nice man.
- Mitchell and I
like you very much.
- Thank you.
But I’m– You’re welcome.
I’m going to take your hand.
Yes, I am.
Don’t give me
the coyote look.
I’m not a canine.
We’re gonna walk
out of here together.
Mmm.
Nobody’s
gonna hurt you.
This is not gonna end
very well.
Let– Give me your hand.
[ Clattering ]
[ Screaming, Grunting ]
- Barry! Give me your–
- Oh.
[ Clattering Continues ]
Mitchell, call 911.
- What’s happening?
- Barry’s a nut!
He’s been living
in Lily’s castle! Ouch!
- Hey, Mitchell.
- Oh, my God. I thought
he was living upstairs.
Just call the police.
You want me to stop
and give you the whole story?
I never–
I never said upstairs.
Mitchell, call 911!
Stop pinching me!
Okay, just for the record,
I was right.
I still don’t think
you should judge people!
I said get off me!
Okay, Gloria,
what scares you
about riding a bike?
Losing control
and falling down.
Great. What else?
Somebody grabbing me.
That’s weird. What else?
Looking foolish.
Okay.
See, all these bad thoughts
are holding you back.
Hmm.
So how do we get rid
of these bad thoughts?
- We shoot ’em out.
- No, don’t you dare.
Ride!
Don’t you dare!
Luke, stop it!
Ride!
No! No, no!
I said ride! Ride!
I’m gonna tell your mother!
What, that you’re
riding a bike?
No, that you’re–
Yes, I’m
driving the bike!
Whoo-hoo!
[ Gloria ]
It was the greatest
feeling in the world.
Luke was right.
There was nothing
to be afraid of.
Ay.
[ Engine Revving ]
[ Tires Squealing ]
Get off the bike!
¡Ay! Don’t grab me!
Give it to me.
No, no. Don’t grab me.
Go, go, go, go, go, go!
Laces, mirror, bell.
[ Bell Rings ]
Slow down, jerk!
[ Bell Ringing ]
[ Tires Squealing ]
Thanks so much for coming.
It was great to meet you both.
[ Tires Squealing ]
Have a good one. Wow!
See you later.
[ Car Door Closes ]
How’s it going?
Hey. Great.
Lots of people.
- Listen, I was thinking
about those signs.
- "Slow down your neighbors."
Actually, I think
they meant "Slow down,"
talking to you.
Who’s talking?
"Your neighbors."
Anyway.
Yeah, you think
maybe it’s possible that you
do drive a little too fast...
in a residential
neighborhood
with children present?
Oh, Phil, I appreciate
your concern,
but I’m not the problem.
It’s the crazy sign lady
who can’t put
a sentence together.
That’s your problem.
[ Bell Ringing ]
[ Panting ]
Phil?
Honey?
Claire?
Oh, God.
I gotta get some water.
I was chasing
that crazy maniac.
I got so close.
And you just gave up?
Mmm.
That’s not the Claire
that I know.
Get back out there.
Really?
Yeah.
Phil, I left my phone
at the drugstore.
I’ll be right back.
Okay, bye.
Hey, hi.
I’m Claire Dunphy.
I’m Phil’s wife.
Let’s not talk her ear off.
She’s gotta go.
I’m Laura.
Nice to meet you.
Oh, beautiful house.
Thanks.
Hey, are you going
by Greenleaf?
Mmm.
- Actually, yeah.
- I just overdid it on my bike.
I cannot get back on there.
No problem.
I’ll give you a ride.
That’s a terrible idea.
[ Laura, Claire ]
Why?
I wish I were
one of those people...
who thrives on the danger
of leading a double life.
You know, Bruce Wayne,
Peter Parker, Hannah Montana.
That’s a terrible idea,
because your bike is here.
What are you gonna do?
You leave it? That’s rude.
Oh, just
pick it up whenever.
Whenever? What’s whenever?
That’s so open-ended.
Oh, stop it.
Come on, Claire.
Let’s fly.
I love her energy.
I’m coming.
So, why do you
wanna move?
Eh. I want a high-rise
with a doorman.
Mm-hmm.
Besides, this neighborhood’s
getting a little crazy.
Oh, tell me about it.
There’s this one wackjob.
Don’t say another word.
I bet I know exactly
who you’re thinking of.
[ Engine Starts ]
Yeah.
[ Engine Revving ]
[ Tires Screeching ]
- [ Tires Squealing ]
- [ Engine Revving ]
Claire was furious.
She said I betrayed her
on every level.
So, I called the florist...
and I have ordered
one dozen Mylar balloons.
Good luck
staying mad, honey.
Which civilization
invented the alphabet?
I don’t know.
Yes, you do.
We’ve been over this
a hundred times.
Allow me, Dad. I’m
a great teacher.
Who invented the alphabet?
I... don’t... know.
[ Screams ]
Luke!
- I got soaked!
What are you doing?
- Say it!
- Luke, that’s enough.
- Oh, my God!
I don’t know! I don’t know!
The Phoenicians!
That’s... right.
Teacher of the year.
She’s all yours, buddy.